# Hotel-Moonshine-Database-System
The main objective of our menu driven program for the management and handling of the Hotel Moonshine was to basically make room booking and searching for rooms much more accessible and easier. We drafted a menu for the Hotel Moonshine mak- ing use of the function switch case, which made it very easy to manipulate and add as many options as we needed to our menu. Through our menu, you could access vari- ous options such as room bookings, room allotted, customer records, editing said rec- ords and even a feedback form. In the room bookings menu, you could access the kinds of rooms available with us at the hotel, and their prices per night. There you could choose the type of room you want and the number of nights you want to spend in our splendid hotel along with additional services and discounts. In the room allot- ted menu, you could check the rooms freely available. In the customer records menu, you could make a profile in the program as a customer at the hotel. You could add as many profiles as you’d like to, and they’re password protected so as to make things more secure on our end. You could even search up a customer staying at the hotel us- ing the password that the customer saves, again, keeping the security of data of every customer in mind. If you’d like you could even edit the records. If you want you could choose to put your valuable opinion into words by filling our feedback form. Here you’ll have to answer various questions about your stay at the hotel, the staff and the rooms. If you’d like you could even subscribe to our newsletter. At the end you’ll be shown your feedback form with your numeric ratings changed to stars.
